error message "the string does not match the pattern" (typically part of a validation_error) indicates that a provided value does not conform to the expected schema for a specific property or parameter.  Common causes for this error include: 1. Incorrect ID Format UUID Patterns: IDs for pages, databases, or blocks must be valid UUIDv4 strings (e.g., 3c1e7a5c-566b-4e6b-95a6-7d666f7f329d). No Hyphens: If you provide an ID string from a browser URL without adding back the hyphens, it may fail the pattern validation.  2. Invalid Property Types or Rich Text Objects  Schema Mismatch: The data sent must exactly match the database's property definitions. For example, sending a plain string instead of a rich_text array or a nested object will trigger a validation error. Rich Text Structure: A standard rich_text property requires a specific object structure: json "rich_text": [   {     "type": "text",     "text": { "content": "Your text here" }   } ] Use code with caution.  Omitting the type or the nested text object will cause a pattern mismatch.  3. Date and Time Formatting ISO 8601: Date properties must strictly follow the ISO 8601 format (e.g., YYYY-MM-DD or YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ). Providing alternative formats like "Nov-26" will result in an "incorrect format" or "pattern mismatch" error.  4. Special Character and Regex Constraints Validation Patterns: Certain fields have internal regex constraints. Ensure you are not including unexpected control characters (like \t or \n) in fields that do not support them. Attribute Conflicts: If setting specific block attributes (like language in a code block), ensure the string matches one of Notion's supported language enums.  Troubleshooting Steps Inspect the message field: The API response includes a message property that often points to the exact field (e.g., body.properties.Name...) causing the issue. Check the Notion Status Page: Occasionally, backend bugs can cause inconsistent validation errors. Use a Schema Validator: Validate your JSON against the latest Notion API Documentation to ensure all required fields are present. 